Kiro to prefer MCP over CLI (#1794)
DefangLabs/defang: power/POWER.md

## First Steps:

**IMPORTANT**:
Ensure that the step above ## Validate tool is completed before proceeding to the steps below.

> Once the Defang CLI is installed, the Kiro Power should refer to the using the Defang MCP tools instead of the Defang CLI if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Defang CLI is installed, the Kiro Power should prefer the Defang MCP tools instead of the Defang CLI if possible.
```
